[Autogenerated] similar to when we connected to rDS we won't be
using the AWS SDK to connect to our readers cluster Instead
we'll just connect to it directly.
The web framework.
Our application is built with Happy is already using an in
memory cache for user sessions it's compose.
Herbal nature is going to make it very easy for us to swap
this out with our red is cache cluster.
The library to make the reddest connection has already been
included in the project package dot JSON file so it will be
downloaded with an NPM install command.
Our first step is to register read this as a cash option which
will have our server connect to it an index dot Js look online
seven where we create our server object.
We will pass in a cash option here inside the object that's passed into the
happy dot server function call at a property with the key of cache The value
of that property will be an array with one object,
literal value.
This is an array because you can have more than one cache type in this
object literal We'll start with the name property,
which is how you'll reference this cache throughout the application.
Call it readies next is the provider property which
will have the value of an object, literal.
The first property is constructor here is where we'll import the
dependency to make the reddest connection,
call the require function here and pass in the string at
happy slash cat box dash readiness.
Next is an options property with the value of another object literal.
The first property is partition which is used by red is to
help keep applications data separated, give it the value of cash.
Next is the host where the reddest cache is located.
We need to get that from our reddest cache switch back to the reddest clusters,
list in the AWS web console and in the row entry for
the cache cluster you created, click the expand arrow.
The endpoint is here in the primary endpoint field copy
everything except the colon and port at the end.
Back in your code editor paste the endpoint URL as a string.
Now the cash will be configured here at the start of our application Now we
just need to use it in the plugins Js file in the util folder.
Find line 29 here we are configuring the cash to use for our
application we can keep the segment and expiration date.
Just add another property with the key cash and the value readiness.
This value corresponds with the name we gave our
cash in index dot Js and that's it.
We're all done with our code.
Let's go try it out for security reasons.
Amazon has made it difficult to access your last a cache cluster outside of AWS.
So let's just try our app out in the cloud first.
Let's give our at the permissions it needs to access
Alaska cash in the I am dashboard, click on roles in the left menu,
select the pizza ec.
To roll click the attached policy button and then
type it last to cash in the filter,
select the policy titled amazon elasticache full
access and then click attach policy.
Now zip up your local Pizza lovers project.
Again we're going to be deploying it with elastic beanstalk.
Once you have your zip package, navigate to the elastic beanstalk dashboard,
select your Pizza Lovers environment to deploy new code to your
elastic beanstalk application environment.
You can either upload the code as a new application version and then manually
deploy it or use this button here that does both in one go,
let's do that.
Click upload and deploy,
then click choose file and select the zip file that you just made,
give the version label a helpful name like Pizza Alaska cache and then
click deploy elastic beanstalk will upload the zip file,
save it as an application version and then deploy it to this environment.
This process will take a few minutes, so again I'm skipping ahead the video.
If we click on the elastic beanstalk URL it will take us to Pizza
lovers running with readiness as our cache mechanism.
Click log in and use the same Ryan username and pass password to log in.
Now your session is being stored in readiness if you
really want the ultimate experience,
you can even use the cloudfront URL instead and then you'll notice that the application is super fast